Document option to allow almost all printable ASCII characters in environment variables (#45125)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container.md

Reviewer: I recommend against using the `{{< note >}}` shortcode inside the description for a feature gate. Instead, signpost readers to relevant documentation.

 are set as environment variables for the container.
 You can also specify a common prefix string.

{{< note >}}

> The allowed character range of env name is within C_IDENTIFIER,

Reviewer 2: I think a lot of readers won't know what `C_IDENTIFIER` means and could be confused by this statement.

Author: I followed our comments in the api documentation.
ref: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.29/

Maybe they'll be confused, until they use a search engine....

Reviewer: If our docs site doesn't explain what a `C_IDENTIFIER` means (it doesn't really), then we shouldn't refer to it.

Instead, we could add a small page about environment variables for containers (inside https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/) - just a stub for now, and then add a heading about allowed characters inside variable names.

Author: all right.

> after enable the `RelaxedEnvironmentVariableValidation` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/), the name of env allows a wider range of characters,

Reviewer 2: I would recommend removing line 36 and rewording this note.

```suggestion
If the `RelaxedEnvironmentVariableValidation` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled, all [printable ASCII characters](https://www.ascii-code.com/characters/printable-characters) except "=" may be used for environment variable names.
```

Reviewer 2: Though is that accurate? There seems to be other printable characters that would be problematic as environment variables.

Author: Your description is very correct, we have done enough tests on it.

You can read more about [ConfigMap](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap/#configure-all-key-value-pairs-in-a-configmap-as-container-environment-variables)
and [Secret](/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/distribute-credentials-secure/#configure-all-key-value-pairs-in-a-secret-as-container-environment-variables).

The character range of the environment variable name can be seen in
[Environment variables names](/docs/concept/configuration/environment/environment-variables-names)
If the `RelaxedEnvironmentVariableValidation` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled,

> all [printable ASCII characters](https://www.ascii-code.com/characters/printable-characters) except "=" may be used for environment variable names.

Reviewer: I (strongly) recommend putting this advice under its own heading, within the “Using environment variables inside of your config” heading. We should explain the default behavior (restricting what characters are allowed) and the experimental behavior that allows a wider range of characters.
